REPL
----------------------
Read
Execute
Print 
Loop

if you want to open Repl then type node command in cmd.

meands read the statements one by one and evaluate it and print the same and loop until it reaches at last statement.


Node 
-----------------------------------
Platformm/ runtime environment which running on Google Chromes V8 engine.

where we can run Js code without tacking help of any HTML embadding.


Package.json file
-----------------------------
Its a heart of your JS Project.
When you start creating any project first of all create package.json file which includes files configuration details like name, description,
version, author, licence, and details about all details about all installed dependencies in your project.

how to create packafe.json file?

execute commaand 
>npm init

It will popup with some few questions enter details and it will create package.json file.

Defalut command 
> npm init -y (-y means yes to create default package.json file)

to install npm in Node 
command 
>npm install


Node provide different types packages(libraries) which we can use to implement some already available functionalities.

Inbuild Packages(http, os, fs, url, path etc..) no need to install, comes with node js.

Local Packages: which we will install and we will use.

Third Party Packages: which we  install for usage like mySql, express, mongodb etc...



How to manage this third party packages installed?
to manage we can use NPM (node package manager) using that we can manage instalation and uninstallion of packages locally and globally.

let's understand the installation Process.

we can install any package by execution 
>npm install package-name or npm i package-name

eg. npm install express or npm i express

when this express is getting install it will update package.json file and your can the downloaded package name in package.json file.

Also, it will create folder named node_modules where all the packages getting downloaded
and also it will create package_lock.json file where it will show the exact location from where the library downloaded.

>npm i nodemon

check the updated package.json file

Also, if you want to see the available package.
>npm ls

for package installing globally then use -g flag

>npm i typescript -g

Once it is installed you can check using

>npm ls -g

Uninstall how to?

>npm uninstall express
>npm uninstall nodemon

How to uninstall globally installed package?
>npm uninstall typescript -g

check using ls command
>npm ls  (you can also check package.json file)
>npm ls -g
